1_tas_kajoe.jpg

Sculpted from a whole solid wood with the utmost care by our best artisan, the wood then sewn with kombou bark, a wood bark originated.

Solid Old Teak Wood with Cow Skin or Khombouw Tree Bark for the Lining.

Dimensi Pengiriman: 22 x 14 x 6 cm
Berat Pengiriman: 0.50 kg

color: khoumbouw bark


Rp 1.499.000



2_koper_kajoe

Sculpted from a whole solid wood with the utmost care by our best artisan, the wood then paired with the most beautiful sheep leather origin

Solid Old Teak Wood with Sheep Skin.


Dimensi Pengiriman: 35 x 25 x 6 cm
Berat Pengiriman: 1.00 kg

size = 13 inch


Rp 4.599.000,-


3_kusima_wallet_with_leather
 Redesigning a wallet, develop it to be more practical , simpler and stronger.

Kusima Wooden Wallet is a solution for the needs of a minimalist, practical and strong wallet. It provides the same capacity to carry important items (e.g. credit cards, banknotes, business cards, etc.) as in a conventional wallet does only with a smaller dimension. Redesigning a wallet does not merely develop it to be more practical and simpler, but also stronger than any other conventional wallets.

Quality
Kusima Wooden Wallet has been passed numerous tests in order to get the best quality wallet for everyone. These are the tests:
- Drop Test Certified: The wallet has been dropped and thrown from 3 meters height.
- Pressure Test Certified: The wallet is able to withstand the high pressure of maximum 100 kg.
- Pest Test Certified: The wallet is able to withstand pests of maximum 50 years.

Warranty
Kusima Wooden Wallet provides one-year guarantee that is based on these two criterions:
1. Free one Kusima Wooden Wallet replacement, if the main body is cracking that is caused by a daily usage.
2. Free repairment for one Kusima Wooden Wallet on parts of the wood that broken off or cracked

Environment
Additionally, Kusima Wooden Wallet organises forest conservation programme, in which from every purchase of a Kusima Wooden Wallet, we are going to plan a tree to preserve our forests.


Dimensi Pengiriman: 8 x 5 x 3 cm
Berat Pengiriman: 0.40 kg

color: sawo (light)

Rp 300.000,-














https://github.com/BlackrockDigital/startbootstrap-sb-admin-2

